README.md, before:

# [![Flutter logo][]][flutter.dev]

[![Build Status - Cirrus][]][Build status]
[![Discord badge][]][Discord instructions]
[![Twitter handle][]][Twitter badge]

Flutter is Google's SDK for crafting beautiful, fast user experiences for
mobile, web, and desktop from a single codebase. Flutter works with existing
code, is used by developers and organizations around the world, and is free
and open source.

## Documentation

* [Install Flutter](https://flutter.dev/get-started/)
* [Flutter documentation](https://flutter.dev/docs)
* [Development wiki](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/wiki)
* [Contributing to Flutter](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

For announcements about new releases and breaking changes, follow the
[flutter-announce@googlegroups.com](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/flutter-announce)
mailing list or see the
[breaking changes](https://flutter.dev/docs/release/breaking-changes) page.

## About Flutter

We think Flutter will help you create beautiful, fast apps, with a productive,
extensible and open development model.

### Beautiful user experiences

We want to enable designers to deliver their full creative vision without being
forced to water it down due to limitations of the underlying framework.
Flutter's [layered architecture] gives you control over every pixel on the
screen and its powerful compositing capabilities let you overlay and animate
graphics, video, text, and controls without limitation. Flutter includes a full
[set of widgets][widget catalog] that deliver pixel-perfect experiences on both
iOS and Android.

![Reflectly hero image][Reflectly hero image]

### Fast results

Flutter is fast. It's powered by the same hardware-accelerated 2D graphics
library that underpins Chrome and Android: [Skia]. We architected Flutter to
support glitch-free, jank-free graphics at the native speed of your device.
Flutter code is powered by the world-class [Dart platform], which enables
compilation to 32-bit and 64-bit ARM machine code for iOS and Android, as well
as JavaScript for the web and Intel x64 for desktop devices.

![Dart platform diagram][]

### Productive development

Flutter offers stateful hot reload, allowing you to make changes to your code
and see the results instantly without restarting your app or losing its state.

[![Hot reload animation][]][Hot reload]

### Extensible and open model

Flutter works with any development tool (or none at all) but includes editor
plug-ins for both [Visual Studio Code] and [IntelliJ / Android Studio]. Flutter
provides [thousands of packages][Flutter packages] to speed your development,
regardless of your target platform. And accessing other native code is easy,
with support for both [FFI] and [platform-specific APIs][platform channels].

Flutter is a fully open-source project, and we welcome contributions.
Information on how to get started can be found at our
[contributor guide](CONTRIBUTING.md).

[Flutter logo]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/flutter/website/master/src/_assets/image/flutter-lockup-bg.jpg
[flutter.dev]: https://flutter.dev
[Build Status - Cirrus]: https://api.cirrus-ci.com/github/flutter/flutter.svg
[Build status]: https://cirrus-ci.com/github/flutter/flutter/master
[Discord instructions]: https://github.com/flutter/flutter/wiki/Chat
[Discord badge]: https://img.shields.io/discord/608014603317936148
[Twitter handle]: https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/flutterdev.svg?style=social&label=Follow
[Twitter badge]: https://twitter.com/intent/follow?screen_name=flutterdev
[layered architecture]: https://flutter.dev/docs/resources/inside-flutter
[widget catalog]: https://flutter.dev/widgets/
[Reflectly hero image]: https://github.com/flutter/website/blob/master/src/images/homepage/reflectly-hero-600px.png
[Skia]: https://skia.org/
[Dart platform]: https://dart.dev/
[Dart platform diagram]: https://github.com/flutter/website/blob/master/src/images/homepage/dart-diagram-small.png
[Hot reload animation]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/flutter/website/master/src/_assets/image/tools/android-studio/hot-reload.gif
[Hot reload]: https://flutter.dev/docs/development/tools/hot-reload
[Visual Studio Code]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Dart-Code.flutter
[IntelliJ / Android Studio]: https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/9212-flutter
[Flutter packages]: https://pub.dev/flutter
[FFI]: https://flutter.dev/docs/development/platform-integration/c-interop
[platform channels]: https://flutter.dev/docs/development/platform-integration/platform-channels
[interop example]: https://github.com/flutter/flutter/tree/master/examples/platform_channel

Commit message:

Added Developer friendly section
I added this section to help make developers from other cross-platform tech and native platforms understand how Flutter is different from other cross-platform technologies.

README.md, after:

# [![Flutter logo][]][flutter.dev]

[![Build Status - Cirrus][]][Build status]
[![Discord badge][]][Discord instructions]
[![Twitter handle][]][Twitter badge]

Flutter is Google's SDK for crafting beautiful, fast user experiences for
mobile, web, and desktop from a single codebase. Flutter works with existing
code, is used by developers and organizations around the world, and is free
and open source.

## Documentation

* [Install Flutter](https://flutter.dev/get-started/)
* [Flutter documentation](https://flutter.dev/docs)
* [Development wiki](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/wiki)
* [Contributing to Flutter](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

For announcements about new releases and breaking changes, follow the
[flutter-announce@googlegroups.com](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/flutter-announce)
mailing list or see the
[breaking changes](https://flutter.dev/docs/release/breaking-changes) page.

## About Flutter

We think Flutter will help you create beautiful, fast apps, with a productive,
extensible and open development model.

### Beautiful user experiences

We want to enable designers to deliver their full creative vision without being
forced to water it down due to limitations of the underlying framework.
Flutter's [layered architecture] gives you control over every pixel on the
screen and its powerful compositing capabilities let you overlay and animate
graphics, video, text, and controls without limitation. Flutter includes a full
[set of widgets][widget catalog] that deliver pixel-perfect experiences on both
iOS and Android.

![Reflectly hero image][Reflectly hero image]

### Fast results

Flutter is fast. It's powered by the same hardware-accelerated 2D graphics
library that underpins Chrome and Android: [Skia]. We architected Flutter to
support glitch-free, jank-free graphics at the native speed of your device.
Flutter code is powered by the world-class [Dart platform], which enables
compilation to 32-bit and 64-bit ARM machine code for iOS and Android, as well
as JavaScript for the web and Intel x64 for desktop devices.

![Dart platform diagram][]

### Productive development

Flutter offers stateful hot reload, allowing you to make changes to your code
and see the results instantly without restarting your app or losing its state.

[![Hot reload animation][]][Hot reload]

### Developer Friendly

Flutter works by using its’ own library of custom widgets designed for native platforms to give native like performance as compared to other cross platform technologies such as React, which uses an abstraction layer on top of the native api’s. This also means that if we have an update which depends on some material or Cupertino libraries, developers will be easily able to provide that same experience to users who weren’t able to update to the latest OS.

### Extensible and open model

Flutter works with any development tool (or none at all) but includes editor
plug-ins for both [Visual Studio Code] and [IntelliJ / Android Studio]. Flutter
provides [thousands of packages][Flutter packages] to speed your development,
regardless of your target platform. And accessing other native code is easy,
with support for both [FFI] and [platform-specific APIs][platform channels].

Flutter is a fully open-source project, and we welcome contributions.
Information on how to get started can be found at our
[contributor guide](CONTRIBUTING.md).

[Flutter logo]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/flutter/website/master/src/_assets/image/flutter-lockup-bg.jpg
[flutter.dev]: https://flutter.dev
[Build Status - Cirrus]: https://api.cirrus-ci.com/github/flutter/flutter.svg
[Build status]: https://cirrus-ci.com/github/flutter/flutter/master
[Discord instructions]: https://github.com/flutter/flutter/wiki/Chat
[Discord badge]: https://img.shields.io/discord/608014603317936148
[Twitter handle]: https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/flutterdev.svg?style=social&label=Follow
[Twitter badge]: https://twitter.com/intent/follow?screen_name=flutterdev
[layered architecture]: https://flutter.dev/docs/resources/inside-flutter
[widget catalog]: https://flutter.dev/widgets/
[Reflectly hero image]: https://github.com/flutter/website/blob/master/src/images/homepage/reflectly-hero-600px.png
[Skia]: https://skia.org/
[Dart platform]: https://dart.dev/
[Dart platform diagram]: https://github.com/flutter/website/blob/master/src/images/homepage/dart-diagram-small.png
[Hot reload animation]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/flutter/website/master/src/_assets/image/tools/android-studio/hot-reload.gif
[Hot reload]: https://flutter.dev/docs/development/tools/hot-reload
[Visual Studio Code]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Dart-Code.flutter
[IntelliJ / Android Studio]: https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/9212-flutter
[Flutter packages]: https://pub.dev/flutter
[FFI]: https://flutter.dev/docs/development/platform-integration/c-interop
[platform channels]: https://flutter.dev/docs/development/platform-integration/platform-channels
[interop example]: https://github.com/flutter/flutter/tree/master/examples/platform_channel
